Locally contractible initial PR (#1722)
pi-base/data: properties/P000224.md

---
uid: P000224
name: Weakly locally contractible
refs:
  - zb: "0087.38203"
    name: On fiber spaces (Fadell)
  - zb: "0642.54014"
    name: LECS, local mixers, topological groups and special products (Borges)
---

Every point of $X$ has a neighborhood which is {P199}. 

> The naming of this property follows pi-base conventions. The name "weakly locally contractible" is commonly used in literature instead as an alias for "semi-locally contractible"; see for instance {{zb:0087.38203}} and {{zb:0642.54014}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name we have chosen for this property conforms to the [pi-base naming conventions](https://github.com/pi-base/data/wiki/Conventions-and-Style#Local-Properties) and fits well with related properties.
However, we have not seen this property mentioned with a specific name in the literature.

The terminology "weakly locally contractible" has been used for multiple concepts different from this one, but the name is not standardized.
A relatively common usage among those is as a synonym for "semilocally contractible" (see {{zb:0087.38203}} and {{zb:0642.54014}}).
```

Author: Yea I think this is a lot better. I'm just going to commit it.

> The naming of this property follows pi-base conventions. The name "weakly locally contractible" is commonly used in literature instead as an alias for "semi-locally contractible"; see for instance {{zb:"0087.38203"}} and {{zb:"0642.54014"}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The naming of this property follows pi-base conventions. The name "weakly locally contractible" is commonly used in literature instead as an alias for "semi-locally contractible"; see for instance {{zb:0087.38203}} and {{zb:0642.54014}}.
```
fix broken links

---
uid: P000224
name: Weakly locally contractible
refs:
  - zb: "0087.38203"
    name: On fiber spaces (Fadell)
  - zb: "0642.54014"
    name: LECS, local mixers, topological groups and special products (Borges)
---

Every point of $X$ has a neighborhood which is {P199}. 

> The name we have chosen for this property conforms to the [pi-base naming conventions](https://github.com/pi-base/data/wiki/Conventions-and-Style#Local-Properties) and fits well with related properties.

Author: Actually, what about writing "and fits well with related properties in pi-base, such that {P231}", or just removing this sentence fragment, since I think this information is a bit redundant from us saying we're following pi-base naming conventions?

Reviewer: Yeah, we can remove that sentence fragment.
